That's impossible.
It's not that the reception is only an invitation
Is the program the best employee?
Why would he go?
Who are you?
Don't be this soft rice man who invited you to act
Yeah?
How dare you pretend to be someone from Shenwei Group?
Don't want to mix it up
Shut up for me
I'm Dong Du's secretary
Do you need me to ask Du Dong to answer the phone to get the coupon identity?
Du Dong
Why would you pay attention to a little intern?
What's the situation?
Could it be that Roy Xue really pays attention to Yang Qianchen?
What, does Manager Chen have a problem with Dong Du?
You can tell me if you have anything.
I'll pass it on to Dong Du.
How come?
Why would I have a problem with Dong Du?
Just hum
No opinion
Wait, Secretary Lin
Please answer this.
You'd better cancel the customs immediately.
Don't you want to attend the head office tomorrow?
Will they?
You know, it's full of plutocrats and elites.
celebrities from all walks of life
Make friends with one or two
You'll be great in your life
This request has changed, I know it is the first
But I don't want to owe him a favor
and
I don't want to rely on so-called connections
hit the road
I want to work hard step by step by myself
Slowly surround